as David Deutsch writes in the
philosophy of Constructor Theory quote
tests always depend on background
knowledge assumptions about other laws
and how measuring instruments work
proper 1963. logically should any Theory
fail a test one always has the option of
retaining it by denying one of those
assumptions indeed this has been used as
a critique of the very idea of
testability for example Putnam 1974 but
scientific theories are not merely
predictions they are primarily
explanations claims about what is there
in the physical world and how it behaves
and the negation of an explanation is
not an explanation so a claim such as
there could be an undetected particle
carrying off energy is not a scientific
theory nor is perhaps energy is not
conserved those are research proposals
not explanations consequently the
methodology of science includes the rule
that any proposal to modify a background
knowledge assumption must itself be a
good explanation end quote